PRIVACY POLICY
              This privacy notice for PG Golden ทดลองเล่นฟรี ("we", "us", or "our"), describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share ("process") your information when you use our services ("Services") when you download and use our mobile application (PG Golden ทดลองเล่นฟรี).
              PG Golden ทดลองเล่นฟรี application is built by IZZGames as a free application. IZZGames provided this SERVICE at no cost and intended for use as is.
              Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at iuoanzemseur@gmail.com
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS
1.       INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
2.       DATA DELETION
3.       LOG DATA
4.       COOKIES
5.       SERVICE PROVIDER
6.       LINKS TO OTHER SITES
7.       SECURITY
8.       CHILDREN"S POLICY
9.       CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
10.   CONTACT US
 
1.       INFORMATION COLLECT AND USE
              PG Golden ทดลองเล่นฟรี application is built by IZZGames as a free application. IZZGames provided this SERVICE at no cost and intended for use as is.
              We may also use your information to send you, or to have our business partners send you, direct marketing information or contact you for market research. However, we may provide certain portion of your personal information to law executive organs and government authorities as so requested; and we might disclose certain portion of your personal information within a strictly limited scope of recipients when we reasonably think it is necessary for protecting us, its customers or the public. You shall have foreseen and agreed to the occurrence of such events when you provide your personal information.
 
2.       DATA DELETION
              Based on the Personal Data Protection Act and Consumer Privacy Protection Framework, you have the right to delete your personal information. In certain circumstances, if IZZGames no longer needs to hold your personal information or you withdraw your consent, you have the right to request IZZGames delete your personal information. The deletion may also delete the game accounts related to IZZGames. If you request to delete personal information through a third-party platform, it will directly affect your game account and related game account login, please be sure to confirm clearly.
              If you would like to delete your account information and data, you can do the following:
a.       Log in to the game
b.       Go to Setting
c.       Click on Delete Account
              Notice Regarding Collection and Deletion of Facebook Information. In order to create an account and provide personalized service, we need to collect your email address and personal public information when you log into the app with Facebook.
              All information will be deleted if you delete the gam application or remove your authorization for the application in your Facebook settings and privacy.
              If you are no longer logged into Facebook, please contact us to remove your Facebook authorization data from the application. Please note that once it was deleted, it cannot be undone.
 
3.       LOG DATA
              We would like to inform you that every time you use our Service, we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your device, called Log Data, in case of an error with the app. This Log Data may include information such as your device"s Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operation system version, how your app was configured when you used the Service, the date and time of your use of the Service, and other statistics may be included.
 
4.       COOKIES
              Cookies are files containing a small amount of data commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. They are sent to your browser from the websites you visit and stored on your device"s internal storage.
 
              This service does not explicitly use these "cookies". However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve the Service. You can choose to accept or decline these cookies and know when they are being sent to your device. If you choose to decline our cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of the Service.
 
5.       SERVICE PROVIDER
              Third-party companies and individuals may be employed due to the following reasons:
-           Facilitating our Service;
-           Providing the Service on our behalf;
-           Performing Service-related services; or
-           Assisting us in analyzing how our Service is used.
              We would like to inform users of this Service that these third-parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
 
6.       LINKS TO OTHER SITES
              This Service may contain links to other sites. Clicking on a third-party link will direct you to that site. Please note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly recommend you read the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of third-party sites or services.
 
7.       SECURITY
              We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment.
 
8.       CHILDREN"S PRIVACY
              We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent"s use of the Services. If you learn that the personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at mkt@mix-small.com.
 
9.       PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
              This Privacy Policy will be effective as of October 15, 2023.
              We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" data and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may be notifying you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification.
              We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
 
10.   CONTACT US
              If you have questions or comments about this privacy notice, you may email us at iuoanzemseur@gmail.com.
